What do you say, the old man salted the fish with a crane?
Where did the son come from
Wonderful, wonderful
Hey, old man, your reaction is quite fast
I don't even want a son so soon
What did you say, main peak?
You two know each other?
It's okay not to admit it.
Jin Hao helped me find someone
I'll send the information to your phone in a while.
Can't find it in five minutes
Don't say you know me
Hmm, you're still pretending here
Do you think Qinghe can come to rescue you today?
I'll tell you what.
Although Qinghe is amazing
But in front of Master Yun Mo
His words can make Qinghe roll out of the calligraphy world
That's all.
Young people are obsessed
There must be no repentance
President Liu, I'll leave it to you to handle here.
I'm going back to rest.
Stop
Is it too late to leave now?
So what's going on?
He's not some kind of fossil.
Just a son who engraves seals
Son of the Seal
So who is this with you two?
What does Master Yun Mo have to do with it?
Lao Wu, you are talking to me
Go ahead, kid.
I see what reason you can come up with
Okay, then I said it.
I'm still curious
How can there be two identical seals?
I just thought about it for a long time
I'm thinking about when the seal was engraved at that time
Sculpting is a habit
He likes to carve two identical seals
One for collection
Give one to the guest
I've felt familiar since you walked in the door
I thought about it for a long time
It turns out that you are very similar to that carving room.
Old Wu, do you think I'm right?
Humph ridiculous
This is nonsense.
You dare to slander the old man, President Liu
Liu Jianzhang
My master of Qinghe, try to move it.